Add cdi settings doc (#841)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/csidriver.md

You can define the above fields to override the default configuration showing on the status.

:::caution

> Avoid changing the storage profile or CDI directly. Instead, allow the Harvester controller to synchronize and persist the storage profile configuration through the use of CDI annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid changing the storage profile or CDI directly. Instead, allow the Harvester controller to synchronize and persist the storage profile configuration through the use of [CDI annotations](../advanced/storageclass.md##containerized-data-importer-cdi-settings).
```

> :::caution
> 
> It’s recommended to let the Harvester controller synchronize and persist storage profile configurations by using the [Harvester CDI annotations](./storageclass.md#cdi-settings) on the `StorageClass`, rather than modifying the storage profile directly.
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::caution

Avoid changing the storage profile or CDI directly. Instead, allow the Harvester controller to synchronize and persist the storage profile configuration through the use of CDI annotations.

:::
```

Author: Thank you!
